If you don't like JME you can eternally underground plank

To book me nowadays cost more than all the champagne that you've drank
In your life... I get withdrawal symptoms from Barclays bank

My flows more dangerous than a bot with a Boltok

Frisco come through and take man out like Wisdom teeth
> Dave

Get brave and run up your mouth get boxed like Tempz' hair

Dunknoe he's got the shotgun there and I've got the Santander

They say you only use 10% of your brain, well I use six
If I was to use 10% man would start levitating shit

Tony Blair will be £50 overdrawn before I quit
https://s3.amazonaws.com/rapgenius/tony_blair_1553707c.jpg

Even when I work with an acoustic artist, I can never be whack
Everybody totally loved mine & Ed Sheeran's track

Maybe because GINGER is an anagram of BLACK

10

Fam, don't @ me
If you're gonna chat shit, don't @ me
Fall back a likkle bit, don't @ me
I am not having it, don't @ me
You will get blocked quick, don't @ me
With your default pic, don't @ me
Delete all that shit, don't @ me
I have to tell these pricks "don't @ me"

I already said don't waste my time
Now I've gotta tell 'em don't waste my data

Man chat shit on my timeline
No long ting, I block man then I report spam

Bars that I spat when I was little
Went over your head like piggy in the middle

So if you chat shit, straight dismissal
I will leave it like Leth to the Bizzle

Leave it like peri peri drizzle

13

And now my bad boy Megazord whip's got more features than iOS5
>Meganium https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/1a/bd/89/1abd89d1339d1aaaa33edb7780ac6ee1.jpg

You man swear on your life too much
Careful or you might die too much

I don't own a BlackBerry
Ask for my pin and get slapped heavy



The only day that I don't put in work is the 30th of February
> I'm not on the grind

If it kicks off then jump in first, don't care if it hurts, man put in that work

You want that Beemer you want that Merc, money, cars, clothes
Those are the perks but to get there you gotta put in that work
> T-tar, those gyms, coins, maxed laxes

The only time they'll succeed is if they bill a zoot and it's seedy



If one of you try and violate me
You get a punch in the face with my front door key
Punch in the neck with my back door key
Box in the mouth with my X6 key
Box in the eye with the fob
I use to log into my HSBC

Nostradamus couldn't see me
Expelliarmus couldn't stop me

9

I'mma teach dem a lesson..
Next kid to ask me to get served
I'mma take his 2 quid

If your tummy's in a funny mood
Go home and have some mummy's food
That way you know what you're eatin'
Unless mum works in burger king




If You Don’t Like G-R-I-M-E, Then You’ve Got No Taste Like Vegan Cheese

Pub man ting, widda Stella
Left hook, top lip sweller
Wobbly tooth, bare Bonjela

If you spit acid, I spit acider

This bass will knock your gran over

Common Sense Needs To Be Renamed Because Nowadays It’s Rare




Won't get none of your CD's back

Par! Now I have to go blind
That boy there I swear he gonna die

(SLAP!) Don't hype up on the mic
(KICK!) Now who here wants to fight
Strangle man with the microphone lead
Bax mans head with the side of the mic


SWAPS! LETS DO SWAPS! Anyone who wants to swap me, holla. I'll give you a Integrity> Vinyl LP! I want a shiny Charizard In good condition.

Man went to grab the telescope earlier and the moon just ducked out. Par

Does the queen wish she was born into a "normal" family so she can just go raving and link man on tinder and get HD brows?